Add node driver known issues (#292)
harvester/docs: versioned_docs/version-v1.1/rancher/node/node-driver.md

### Support Matrix
Refer to [Rancher Downstream Cluster Support Matrix](https://www.suse.com/suse-rancher/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/rancher-v2-6-9)

> ## Known issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Known Issues
```

> ## Known issues

Author: want the user to read the known issue part before using the node driver, so put it here.

> | Summary                                                                                                                                                                                   | Status    | Last updated |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Summary                                                                                                                                                                                   | Status    | Last Updated |
```

|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|--------------|
| [Volumes created by the Harvester CSI driver in the host Harvester cluster would be deleted after editing/deleting the guest cluster](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/3272) | Mitigated | 2023-03-15   |

> ## Issue details
> 
> ### Volumes created by the Harvester CSI driver in the host Harvester cluster would be deleted after editing/deleting the guest cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Volumes created by the Harvester CSI driver in the host Harvester cluster would be deleted after editing/deleting the guest cluster.
```

| Status    | Last updated |
|-----------|--------------|
| Mitigated | 2023-03-15   |

**Workaround**: Temporary change the Harvester node driver version to [v0.6.3](https://github.com/harvester/docker-machine-driver-harvester/releases/tag/v0.6.3) in Rancher can help. This can be accomplished via the Rancher UI.
1. Click `View in API` in Rancher `Cluster Management` > `Drivers` > `Node Drivers` > `Harvester` > `⋮`
2. Click `Edit`
3. Uncheck the `builtin` checkbox
4. Change the `*url` to `https://releases.rancher.com/harvester-node-driver/v0.6.3/docker-machine-driver-harvester-amd64.tar.gz`
5. Change the `checksum` to `159516f8f438e9b1726418ec8608625384aba1857bc89dff4a6ff16b31357c28`

> 6. Click `Show Request` > `Send Request`

Reviewer 3: It would be nice to add a step to verify the node driver is loaded correct.

Not sure if this is good enough:
![Screenshot 2023-03-15 at 3 02 35 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1691518/225231758-55690071-2dea-4294-9769-d6633f42f644.png)

Author: Added the step 7: Click `Reload` util the value of `status.appliedChecksum` and `status.appliedURL` change to the value we set.

:::caution

Changes to the node driver cannot be persisted and will be restored after the Rancher container restarts

:::

:::caution

> The Harvester node driver version v0.6.3 removed the `qemu-guest-agent` auto-injection from the backend. If you are using an image that does not contain the `qemu-guest-agent` package, you must install and start `qemu-guest-agent` using userdata, otherwise, the cluster will not be able to be provisioned successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with v0.6.3, the Harvester node driver has removed the `qemu-guest-agent` auto-injection from the backend. If the image you are using does not contain the `qemu-guest-agent` package, you can use `userdata` config to install and boot `qemu-guest-agent`. Otherwise, the cluster will not be provisioned successfully.
```
